case reviews on the Jabra Bluetooth and
headphone set
there's the Bluetooth unit with a
microphone and hero the headphones we're
gonna go over some features see if maybe
this is right bluetooth for you okay I
want to do this reviewing kind of two
points one is review the actual
Bluetooth microphone unit which is here
and the other is to review the
headphones I'll start with the
headphones actually because it's the
easiest part to that review you can for
some reason I don't really why it does
this the headphone cord is pretty short
which is fine but the one headphone is
much shorter than the other which maybe
somebody can leave me a comment tell me
why they do that cuz I really don't know
and it's not adjustable in terms of
sound these headphones are mediocre at
best maybe if you break them in they'll
get slightly better but as is there
they're quite quite poor so not very uh
not tinny not bassy they're just real
bland and sound not a lot of a lot of
precursor these fans across the board so
not crisp I guess to be the best way to
put it so from a headphone standpoint
pretty poor I'll tell you the one thing
I really don't care for and that is the
way it clips in right here it's actually
kind of tough to get it to clip to
anything so that's kind of kind of
annoying but it's not a big deal
other things possible connects very
quickly to the Bluetooth was able to
hook into an iPod generation three and
iPhone 4 in a matter of seconds not hard
at all the microphone on the Bluetooth
unit itself where it clips in it's very
good it does a great job so when you use
this and use it as a Bluetooth with
headphones it works great next in terms
of range it seems to have good range but
the one thing I do like about it is
right here the headphones that come with
the jack are or with the Bluetooth are
quite poor but using that Jack you can
use any headphones that you want to so
you can take whatever fair pair of
headphones you have your favorites and
make those Bluetooth capable using this
unit so maybe that's not that uncommon
but there's something that you can do
here so the Bluetooth on here works real
well good microphone connects to the
phone's relatively well
if you're listening to a song and you
get a phone call the song ends and it
goes to the to the to the call at least
in terms of the iPod for wry iPhone 4 so
that's that's a real nice feature too so
terms of a bluetooth I wouldn't even
four and a half stars a little it's
actually a little hard to clip but uh
not too bad in terms of other features
the headphones are or one-star they're
actually pretty bad but I'm not gonna
worry about the headphones you know I
think that that's probably the small
report the the investment the Bluetooth
itself for the price it's a pretty good
deal and uh headphones begone use your
own and yeah I think you'll find this is
via worth for now stars